This web site uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Privacy Policy
OK
Top of Form


Are you a webmaster? Find out how to easily add Textise to your web site.


This page has been Textised!
The original page address was https://www.thetimes.co.uk/
For sharing use http://tinyurl.com/y4r9dpk7

Here are some options:

- Back to original page (in this window | in a new window)
- Convert this page to a PDF
- Print this page
- Textise Home Page (full version | text only version)
- Textise Options Page (choose font size, font colour, etc.)

Are you a webmaster? Find out how to easily add Textise to your web site.

Subscription Notification
We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing details. Please update your billing details here
Please update your billing information
The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.
Your subscription will end shortly
Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.
We’ve updated our comments. Click here to see more Tap here to see more Tap here to see more 
Dismiss 
Accessibility LinksSkip to content
[Image: times logo]  
Monday May 27 2019
Welcome to The Times and The Sunday Times

SubscribeLog in
The Times & The Sunday Times Homepage[Image: times Masthead]  Monday May 27 2019 6PM UPDATE
Digital
Every squawk, interpreted. Understand what on earth is going on in Westminster. 

Subscribe for just £1 a week for 8 weeks 

Subscribe now
Print
The deal, digested. Get the best coverage from our award-winning politics team. 

Get your papers from just £2 a week.  

Subscribe now
Print and Digital
Our escape. Followed. Find out what lies ahead for Britain with a subscription.

Subscribe from just £1.

Subscribe now
News
In the News
Austrian turmoil
Chancellor ousted hours after election triumph

Yvonne Bannigan
The Vogue grifter who got found out

Mercurial talent
The great Mesut Ozil enigma, by those who know him best

Dr Mark Porter
Show yellow card to drugs with side-effects

video

Farage delivers Brexit ultimatum
Failure to leave by October ‘will be second great betrayal’

updated 
Nigel Farage has warned the next Conservative leader that they must take Britain out of the EU by the end of October or face a reckoning with his new Brexit Party at the next general election. The former Ukip leader was swept to victory in the European parliamentary elections by millions of... Nigel Farage has warned the next Conservative leader that they must take Britain out of the EU by the end of October or face a reckoning with his new Brexit Party at the next general election. The former Ukip leader was swept to victory in the European parliamentary elections by millions of... Nigel Farage has warned the next Conservative leader that they must take Britain out of the EU by the end of October or face a... 

Read the full story
Analysis

Results make Brexit compromise increasingly unlikely
If there was one overriding message from voters in last night’s European election it was that when it comes to Brexit a fudge won’t do. The big winners were those parties with the least ambiguous stance to Britain’s future relationship with the European Union. As predicted, Nigel Farage’s Brexit Party topped the poll with 31.6 per cent of... If there was one overriding message from voters in last night’s European election it was that when it comes to Brexit a fudge won’t do. The big winners were those parties with the least ambiguous stance to Britain’s future relationship with the European Union. As predicted, Nigel Farage’s Brexit Party topped the poll with 31.6 per cent of... If there was one overriding message from voters in last night’s European election it was that when it comes to Brexit a fudge... 

Read the full story
video

Sajid Javid joins Tory leadership scrumnew 
Sajid Javid promised to bridge the Brexit divide and heal Britain as he became the latest cabinet minister trying to succeed Theresa May. The home secretary avoided setting out his position on a no-deal Brexit as he staged a belated entry into the leadership race. Instead, he declared his candidature with a short... Sajid Javid promised to bridge the Brexit divide and heal Britain as he became the latest cabinet... Sajid Javid promised to bridge the Brexit divide and heal Britain as he became the latest cabinet... 

Read the full story
Tom Hardy takes on the SAS in new TV dramanew 
Corbyn faces mounting calls to back referendum
RED BOX | MATT CHORLEY

After sitting on the fence for so long, it’s collapsed beneath Corbyn
Mother charged with murder of teenage sons
Scientists declare new epoch: the Age of Man
Let your girls fly, pushy parents told
War doctor who knew Assad phoned to plead for ceasefire
Sailor dies in yacht crash on film festival’s last night
Prisoners using e-cigarettes to smoke smuggled ‘spice’
Poor range will hamper sales of electric cars ‘for a decade’
Most motorists will consider an electric car only when they can travel at least 300 miles on a single charge, according to a study. Poor battery range and concerns over a shortage of roadside chargers remain some of the biggest barriers to the... Most motorists will consider an electric car only when they can travel at least 300 miles on a... Most motorists will consider an electric car only when they can travel at least 300 miles on a... 

Read the full story 
ELECTIONS 2019

Farage celebrates ‘big win’ before by-election test

ELECTIONS 2019

Voters are telling us to reach a deal, says leading Tory

elections 2019

My record as mayor proves I can see beyond Brexit, says Johnson

elections 2019

Change UK misses out on centrist surge

elections 2019

Gove vows to be a warrior and healer after joining race

elections 2019

Hunt the born-again Leaver ‘knows how to make a deal’
elections 2019

Raab stands by anti-feminist remarks
comment | matthew hancock

We need to repair fractured community
ELECTIONS 2019

Meet the new MEPs
elections 2019

Deadlock awaits as populists march on across Europe
elections 2019 | analysis

Collapse of Brussels’ old order gives leaders plenty to chew onupdated 
elections 2019 | france

Le Pen secures narrow victory over Macron
elections 2019 | italy

Salvini surge could see EU spending limits scrapped
ELECTIONS 2019

Leaders hail ‘green wave’ across continent
elections 2019

Eurosceptics inspire first rise in turnout since 1979
Threat to vaccinations under no-deal, flu jab supplier warns
red box | justine greening

Politicians have fudged it, we must go back to the people
RED BOX | RICHARD TICE

This is not a high point for the Brexit Party — we have only just begun
Last night I was honoured to become an MEP for the Brexit Party in the East of England. I must admit there was an element of relief: when you’ve spent six weeks totally immersed in a campaign there’s always the possibility that... Last night I was honoured to become an MEP for the Brexit Party in the East of England. I must admit there was an element of relief: when you’ve spent six weeks totally immersed in a campaign there’s always the possibility that... Last night I was honoured to become an MEP for the Brexit Party in the East of England. I must admit there was an... 

Read the full story
RED BOX | JO SWINSON

Lib Dems reaped the rewards of supporting a People’s Vote
With 23 minutes to go until the polls closed, Richard was one of the last calls I made on election night. He wasn’t planning to vote but I couldn’t let that go without at least trying to get him to a polling station, and... With 23 minutes to go until the polls closed, Richard was one of the last calls I made on election night. He wasn’t planning to vote but I couldn’t let that go without at least trying to get him to a polling station, and... With 23 minutes to go until the polls closed, Richard was one of the last calls I made on election night. He wasn’t... 

Read the full story
RED BOX | BEN BRADSHAW

If Labour had run on ‘referendum and Remain’, we could have beaten the Brexit Party
Instagram influencers no match for duchess’s star power, says designer
Blackmail risk from tool that brings selfies to life
Robocrop: fruit pickers to be replaced by machines
Subtitles on children’s TV boost reading skills
Solar panels lead charge into green vehicles
Light touch lifts the mood at care home
Briton tried in absence for 1996 murder in Ireland
Darwin descendant’s ode to a nightingale
Twice as many long-term patients have their own NHS cash to spend
Louvre faces $450m question over last Leonardo
Nepal rejects curbs after Everest death
Watchdog will investigate homeopathic ‘vaccinations’
The medicines regulator has opened an inquiry into homeopathy after The Times exposed how some practitioners were... The medicines regulator has opened an inquiry into homeopathy after The Times exposed how some... The medicines regulator has opened an inquiry into homeopathy after The Times exposed how some... 

Read the full story
Pheasants at largest hatchery in Britain ‘turn into cannibals’
Demand is growing for routine inspections of game farms after the UK’s largest hatchery was found to have partially... Demand is growing for routine inspections of game farms after the UK’s largest hatchery was found... Demand is growing for routine inspections of game farms after the UK’s largest hatchery was found... 

Read the full story
News in pictures
For more pictures from The Times, follow us on Instagram For more pictures from The Times, follow us on Instagram For more pictures from The Times, follow us on Instagram 

Read the full story 
Comment
New Tory PM must adopt a pick ’n’ mix approach
Clare Foges

Johnson, Raab and co should realise that pandering to the Conservative right is no way to win over the wider country

libby purves

Universities should treasure their older dons
edward lucas

Doctored videos destroy trust — and democracy
carol midgley | notebook

Want a dead good job? Become an undertaker
martha gill

A ban on diesel vehicles can’t come quickly enough
Readers’ poll
Do you feel sorry for Theresa May?

TAKE PART IN THE POLL
Leading Articles

Fight for Survival
Michael Gove’s entry into the Conservative Party leadership race adds to an already crowded field. He must bring courtesy and robust debate to the contest

Bowled over by Sumo
Japan’s pandering to Trump’s enjoyment may yield useful political results

Our Man-made World
Scientists are to announce the Anthropocene epoch, probably the shortest of all

write to letters@thetimes.co.uk

The challenges of choosing May’s successor
Sir, It is to be hoped that the Queen’s constitutional advisers will remind her of how disastrous it was for David Cameron’s successor to be chosen by the Tory party alone, rather than by the British electorate — even though the Tories then... Sir, It is to be hoped that the Queen’s constitutional advisers will remind her of how disastrous... Sir, It is to be hoped that the Queen’s constitutional advisers will remind her of how disastrous... 

Read the full story 
[Image: Daily Universal Slice Masthead]  
Daily Universal Register
Briefing
UK: Aston Villa play Derby County in the Sky Bet Championship play-off final at Wembley Stadium; EU election results are expected in Northern Ireland and Scotland’s Western Isles, which do not count ballots on a Sunday.

On this day
In 1679 parliament passed the Habeas Corpus Act, protecting citizens against false arrest and imprisonment; in 1703 Tsar Peter the Great proclaimed St Petersburg the new Russian capital; in 1931 Auguste Piccard and Charles Knipfer became the first humans to enter the stratosphere when their balloon reached an altitude of 51,800ft; in 1936 the liner Queen Mary left Southampton on her maiden voyage to New York via Cherbourg; in 1937 the Golden Gate Bridge opened to pedestrian traffic; in 1941 the German battleship Bismarck was sunk in a concerted attack by British ships and aircraft; in 1993 a suspected Mafia car bomb exploded outside the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, killing five people, injuring 37 and damaging many works of art; in 1994 Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn ended a 20-year exile in the West to return to Russia.

[Image: Nature notes]  
Nature notes
More of the small, pretty butterflies are out and about. The latest is the common blue, which can be found in almost any wild, grassy place. The male is bright blue with a violet tinge. The female is brown but often has an extensive blue wash on its central parts. Where you see one you will generally find more, since they are colonial. At night there are often a number of them roosting together on a grass stem, all with their heads hanging downwards. Small copper butterflies can be seen in the same places as these blues. They are a glossy coppery-brown with black spots of varied shapes and sizes on their wings. The males hold a territory, sitting on a flower such as a daisy or even on warm, bare ground. They fly up rapidly after passing females and chase away rival males. Small heath butterflies are a tawny brown. They are common butterflies of fields and heathland. They constantly fly up from under one’s feet as one walks through the long grass and flutter back down again.

Derwent May

[Image: Birthdays]  
Birthdays today
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Benjamin Bathurst, first sea lord and chief of naval staff (1993-95), 83; Paul Bettany, actor, The Da Vinci Code (2006), 48; Heston Blumenthal, chef, 53; Dee Dee Bridgewater, jazz singer, Memphis . . . Yes, I’m Ready (2017), 69; Rebekah Brooks, chief executive, News UK, 51; Pat Cash, tennis player, Wimbledon men’s singles winner (1987), 54; Alina Cojocaru, lead principal, English National Ballet, 38; John Conteh, boxer, world light-heavyweight boxing champion (1974-77), 68; Joseph Fiennes, actor, The Handmaid’s Tale, 49; Tim Farron, MP for Westmorland and Lonsdale, leader of the Liberal Democrats (2015-17), 49; Paul Gascoigne, footballer, England (1988-98), 52; Duncan Goodhew, swimmer, Olympic gold medallist (1980), 62; Henry Kissinger, US secretary of state (1973-77), 96; David Mundell, Conservative MP for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale, secretary of state for Scotland, 57; Jamie Oliver, chef, 44; Denise van Outen, presenter, The Big Breakfast (1997-98), 45; Miah Persson, soprano, 50; Prof Nick Petford, vice-chancellor, University of Northampton, 58; Jussi Pylkkänen, global president, Christie’s, 56; Dame Ingrid Roscoe, lord-lieutenant of West Yorkshire (2004-18), 75; Matt Richardson, DJ on Virgin Radio and comedian, 28; Ravi Shastri, head coach of India’s national cricket team, 57; Siouxsie Sioux, singer-songwriter, Siouxsie and the Banshees, 62; Dame Rosemary Squire, co-founder, Ambassador Theatre Group and Trafalgar Entertainment, 63; Donna Strickland, optical physicist, Nobel prize in physics (2018), 60; Sophie Walker, leader, Women’s Equality Party (2015-January 2019), 48.

World
video

Kurz ousted hours after EU election triumphnew 
Austria’s conservative chancellor has been toppled by MPs after only 18 months in office following a corruption sting that demolished his coalition government. Sebastian Kurz today became the first Austrian leader to be deposed through a vote of no confidence, and the shortest-serving chancellor in his country’s modern history — hours after an emphatic triumph in the... Austria’s conservative chancellor has been toppled by MPs after only 18 months in office... Austria’s conservative chancellor has been toppled by MPs after only 18 months in office... 

Read the full story
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video 
Sebastian Kurz loses no-confidence vote 
Austria | Q&A

What happens next?new 
Why is Austria in turmoil?
In 2017 Heinz-Christian Strache, leader of the right-wing populist Freedom party, held... Why is Austria in turmoil?
In 2017 Heinz-Christian Strache, leader of the right-wing populist Freedom party, held what he thought was a clandestine meeting in Ibiza with a woman who claimed to be the niece of a Russian oligarch. They discussed trading political favours such as public sector building contracts and... Why is Austria in turmoil?
In 2017 Heinz-Christian Strache, leader of the right-wing populist Freedom party, held what... 

Read the full story
video

Putin’s nuclear icebreaker to carve up Arcticnew 
Jordan turns back on western allies in row over Israel
Sisi regime puts thousands on death row
video

Lost hiker rescued from ravine after 17 days with a broken leg
Ramaphosa deputy accused over political killings
Judge suspended for joke against Trump
Oslo hosts new round of Venezuela peace talks
Ch'teaux investigated for putting names to cheaper grapes
A tussle ahead after president’s grand day out
He ate burgers, played golf and watched a sumo match with the Japanese prime minister but the relaxed air of President Trump in Japan belied the heavyweight issues he faces on his four-day tour. Mr Trump is today due to become the first foreign... He ate burgers, played golf and watched a sumo match with the Japanese prime minister but the... He ate burgers, played golf and watched a sumo match with the Japanese prime minister but the... 

Read the full story 
Wine god’s head is no worse for wear
FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT

Tunisian fishermen look back to simpler times
Space study earns Putin’s daughter a doctorate
Details have emerged of the career of a woman thought to be President Putin’s younger daughter, who is almost unknown... Details have emerged of the career of a woman thought to be President Putin’s younger daughter... Details have emerged of the career of a woman thought to be President Putin’s younger daughter... 

Read the full story
First Aboriginal given national ministerial role
For the first time since white settlement more than 230 years ago an indigenous Australian has been appointed as... For the first time since white settlement more than 230 years ago an indigenous Australian has... For the first time since white settlement more than 230 years ago an indigenous Australian has... 

Read the full story
Spy agency’s own cyberweapon used to attack cities
Three French Isis fighters sentenced to death in Iraq
Don’t wear skullcaps, German government warns Jews
Martin Luther King had 45 lovers, secret FBI cache reveals
Business
Brexit critic set for lead role at CBI
Tory Eurosceptic attacks ‘extreme’ Lord Bilimoria

Britain’s biggest employers’ group has lined up a fierce critic of Brexit to take over as president next year in a move that threatens to inflame tensions between big business and Westminster. Lord Bilimoria, the founder of Cobra beer, has been nominated as vice-president of the CBI, the... Britain’s biggest employers’ group has lined up a fierce critic of Brexit to take over as president next year in a move that threatens to inflame tensions between big business and Westminster. Lord Bilimoria, the founder of Cobra beer, has been nominated as vice-president of the CBI, the... Britain’s biggest employers’ group has lined up a fierce critic of Brexit to take over as president next year in a move that... 

Read the full story
Fiat Chrysler and Renault plan tie-up
The Fiat Chrysler group is set to unveil details of a tie-up with Renault, the French carmaker still reeling from the deposing of Carlos Ghosn, its former chairman and chief executive. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the Italian-American automotive group that is itself the product of a merger in 2014, will reveal today a wide-ranging tie-up with... The Fiat Chrysler group is set to unveil details of a tie-up with Renault, the French carmaker still reeling from the deposing of Carlos Ghosn, its former chairman and chief executive. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the Italian-American automotive group that is itself the product of a merger in 2014, will reveal today a wide-ranging tie-up with... The Fiat Chrysler group is set to unveil details of a tie-up with Renault, the French carmaker still reeling from the deposing... 

Read the full story
Work is not a happy place for Britain’s increasingly miserable staff
For those not looking forward to work after the bank holiday, you are not alone. According to a survey of employees, most of us are disgruntled and dissatisfied in our jobs and almost half of us struggle to summon the enthusiasm to climb out of bed in the morning. Over the past three years, workplace happiness has... For those not looking forward to work after the bank holiday, you are not alone. According to a... For those not looking forward to work after the bank holiday, you are not alone. According to a... 

Read the full story
Financier seeks green light for power play
Lakes’ new airport finally cleared for ambitious take-off
In 1993 on a windy airfield in the far northwest of England, propellers quietened and that was it, the end of scheduled passenger services from Carlisle airport. Euroair — motto: “We take the high road” — couldn’t make daily Monday-to-Friday... In 1993 on a windy airfield in the far northwest of England, propellers quietened and that was it... In 1993 on a windy airfield in the far northwest of England, propellers quietened and that was it... 

Read the full story 
Failed bid for Galliford Try puts onus back on Bovis Homes
Bovis Homes is considering whether to line up a fresh bid for the lion’s share of Galliford Try after its housebuilding rival knocked back an opportunistic all-share tilt. The rejuvenated FTSE 250 builder will confirm in a... Bovis Homes is considering whether to line up a fresh bid for the lion’s share of Galliford Try after its housebuilding rival knocked back an opportunistic all-share tilt. The rejuvenated FTSE 250 builder will confirm in a... Bovis Homes is considering whether to line up a fresh bid for the lion’s share of Galliford Try after its... 

Read the full story
Mr Kipling sale is tempting treat for hungry buyers
Premier Foods is exploring a potential sale of Mr Kipling cakes as it presses ahead with a review under pressure from activist shareholders. Selling Mr Kipling, part of a larder of brands that also includes Angel Delight and... Premier Foods is exploring a potential sale of Mr Kipling cakes as it presses ahead with a review under pressure from activist shareholders. Selling Mr Kipling, part of a larder of brands that also includes Angel Delight and... Premier Foods is exploring a potential sale of Mr Kipling cakes as it presses ahead with a review under pressure from... 

Read the full story
comment

Things are not as bad as they seem if you turn the clock back 50 years
comment

Working too hard? The fact is everybody needs a day off once in a while
Octopussy’s heir is a superyacht fit for 007
In 1988, a Dutch boatbuilder bet the business on producing what was a defining moment in the evolution of the superyacht. Capable of 50 knots, the 43m Octopussy was at the time the fastest luxury private cruiser ever built. John Staluppi... In 1988, a Dutch boatbuilder bet the business on producing what was a defining moment in the... In 1988, a Dutch boatbuilder bet the business on producing what was a defining moment in the... 

Read the full story 
Statisticians ‘wrong’ on tax and inequality
working life

Virtual reality makes big leap into hands-on training
Leeds revels in status as retail world’s northern star
Need to know

Your three-minute digest
Sport
Football | James Gheerbrant

Mesut Özil – did he fail us or did we fail him?new 
The life of Mesut Özil has been defined by separation. It is both his greatest gift and his greatest curse. As a child growing up in the hardscrabble industrial city of Gelsenkirchen in western Germany, he was excluded by several local clubs. As a star player for Germany, Real Madrid and Arsenal... The life of Mesut Özil has been defined by separation. It is both his greatest gift and his greatest curse. As a child growing up in the hardscrabble industrial city of Gelsenkirchen in western Germany, he was excluded by several local clubs. As a star player for Germany, Real Madrid and Arsenal... The life of Mesut Özil has been defined by separation. It is both his greatest gift and his greatest curse. As a child growing... 

Read the full story
Premier League

Benítez seeks clarification as Sheikh ‘agrees’ deal to buy Newcastlenew 
Rafael Benítez is understood to be seeking clarification from Newcastle United after a Middle Eastern billionaire announced he had “agreed terms” to buy the club. Benítez, the Newcastle manager, has been involved in painstaking contract discussions with the club’s hierarchy since the final league match of the season, with his present deal... Rafael Benítez is understood to be seeking clarification from Newcastle United after a Middle Eastern billionaire announced he had “agreed terms” to buy the club. Benítez, the Newcastle manager, has been involved in painstaking contract discussions with the club’s hierarchy since the final league match of the season, with his present deal... Rafael Benítez is understood to be seeking clarification from Newcastle United after a Middle Eastern billionaire announced he... 

Read the full story
Football | Henry Winter

Grealish-inspired Villa seal £170m promotionnew 
At the final whistle, Jack Grealish led the jubilant charge towards the Aston Villa supporters, who were celebrating wildly the deeds of their captain, their local hero. One of their own had led them back to the Premier League. Others scored the goals, Anwar El Ghazi and the excellent John McGinn, but it was... At the final whistle, Jack Grealish led the jubilant charge towards the Aston Villa supporters... At the final whistle, Jack Grealish led the jubilant charge towards the Aston Villa supporters... 

Read the full story
Cricket | Steve James

Thrashing Afghanistan gets England back on tracknew 
Cricket World Cup

Cricket World Cup 2019: how to . . . stop Kohli
Cricket World Cup

Cricket World Cup: your guide to the grounds
Champions League

Kane: if final was today I could playnew 
Harry Kane has declared himself fit to face Liverpool on Saturday evening, saying that if the Champions League final... Harry Kane has declared himself fit to face Liverpool on Saturday evening, saying that if the... Harry Kane has declared himself fit to face Liverpool on Saturday evening, saying that if the... 

Read the full story
Rugby union | Stuart Barnes

Sexy Saracens have a duty to put boring Exeter in their place
No side can kick a ball like Saracens. None keep it with anything like the efficiency of Exeter Chiefs. England’s two... No side can kick a ball like Saracens. None keep it with anything like the efficiency of Exeter... No side can kick a ball like Saracens. None keep it with anything like the efficiency of Exeter... 

Read the full story
The Game podcast
Champions League and Europa League final preview

LISTEN NOW
formula one

Hamilton defies crumbling tyres and Verstappen to win his ‘hardest race’
Rugby union | Owen Slot

Play-offs reduced to a formality in era of the big two
Cricket | Steve James

Crisis? No, but seam attack is fragile
So the favourites for the tournament, the No 1-ranked team in the world who have recently beaten Pakistan 4-0 to... So the favourites for the tournament, the No 1-ranked team in the world who have recently beaten... So the favourites for the tournament, the No 1-ranked team in the world who have recently beaten... 

Read the full story
league one play-off final | henry winter

Bowyer showing management can offer future in game for retiring stars
When Charlton Athletic scored deep into injury time, Lee Bowyer permitted himself a brief fist pump before turning to... When Charlton Athletic scored deep into injury time, Lee Bowyer permitted himself a brief fist... When Charlton Athletic scored deep into injury time, Lee Bowyer permitted himself a brief fist... 

Read the full story
Cricket quiz
How much do you know about World Cups?

PLAY NOW
championship play-off final | oliver kay

Mature Grealish desperate to seal top-flight return
For a time last summer, Jack Grealish was ready to pack his bags. His lifelong love affair with Aston Villa was on the rocks. The relationship had changed. All the talk, suddenly, was of tax bills and winding-up orders. It wasn’t him. It was them. For a time last summer, Jack Grealish was ready to pack his bags. His lifelong love affair with... For a time last summer, Jack Grealish was ready to pack his bags. His lifelong love affair with... 

Read the full story 
French Open

It wasn’t pretty but Konta ends Roland Garros hoodoo
French Open

French Open diary: Federer keeps 16-year record ticking along
Athletics

Felix pressure forces Nike to amend maternity rules
Cricket World Cup

How the other teams are shaping up for the World Cup
Football | robbie fowler interview

‘Great players can become great managers: you have to work at it’
Robbie Fowler was talking to his wife Kerrie about taking their son Jacob to the Champions League final in Madrid. “Well, you have to take him because it’s a one-off,” Kerrie said. “It’s not really with Liverpool!” Fowler laughed. It’s fairly... Robbie Fowler was talking to his wife Kerrie about taking their son Jacob to the Champions League... Robbie Fowler was talking to his wife Kerrie about taking their son Jacob to the Champions League... 

Read the full story 
Premier League

La Liga chief’s attack on us was an ethnic slur, say City
Football

Neville seeks right midfield balance to keep players onside
europa league

Injury could put Kanté out of final
football

Arsenal’s style leads to mistakes but we’re sticking to it – Shkodran Mustafi
Football

Bradley Ormesher’s images from 1999 Champions League final replay
It was 20 years ago to the day, but in some ways little had changed. Old Trafford was packed as fans watched Manchester United celebrate the anniversary of their treble-winning season, including the Champions League triumph over Bayern Munich... It was 20 years ago to the day, but in some ways little had changed. Old Trafford was packed as... It was 20 years ago to the day, but in some ways little had changed. Old Trafford was packed as... 

Read the full story 
Football

Leeds owner ‘will not sell stake’
League One play-off final

Ross: Wembley loss is gut-wrenching
Rugby union

Tompkins: I wondered why I wasn’t as good as Itoje. Well I’m not a freak
Boxing

Joshua: rivals’ delay to fight me a mistake
Athletics

Johnson-Thompson dominates in Austria
Cricket

Lord’s holds mixed emotions for Hildreth
Racing

Hermosa lands second classic
Hermosa, who landed the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket this month, easily followed up in the Tattersalls-sponsored Irish... Hermosa, who landed the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket this month, easily followed up in the... Hermosa, who landed the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket this month, easily followed up in the... 

Read the full story
Racing

Champion tipster of the year: Rob Wright’s racing tips
Rob Wright’s selections for Tuesday May 28 Ayr
5.45 Elite Icon
6.20 Senorita Grande
6.50 War Advocate
7.20... Rob Wright’s selections for Tuesday May 28 Ayr
5.45 Elite Icon
6.20 Senorita Grande
6.50... Rob Wright’s selections for Tuesday May 28 Ayr
5.45 Elite Icon
6.20 Senorita Grande
6.50... 

Read the full story
Register
obituary

Murray GellMann
Pioneering physicist who developed the idea of quarks and received a Nobel prize but was never short of withering put-downs

From the early days of scientific inquiry, scientists have wondered what matter is made from. The ancient Greeks settled on “atoms”, tiny indivisible objects whose name means “uncuttable”. As understanding of particle physics evolved in the 20th century, Murray Gell-Mann emerged to explain why this was not exactly the case. Gell-Mann was not the only scientist to... From the early days of scientific inquiry, scientists have wondered what matter is made from. The... From the early days of scientific inquiry, scientists have wondered what matter is made from. The... 

Read the full story
obituary

Michael Lavery, QC
The high point of Michael Lavery’s career at the Bar was arguably the time in 2003 when he was chastised during the... The high point of Michael Lavery’s career at the Bar was arguably the time in 2003 when he was chastised during the Bloody Sunday inquiry over his ill-tempered exchanges with Sir Edward Heath. The former prime minister was the most prominent witness to testify at the inquiry into the deaths of 13 members of the... The high point of Michael Lavery’s career at the Bar was arguably the time in 2003 when he was chastised during the Bloody... 

Read the full story
obituary

Doug McAvoy
obituary

The Rev Ruth Scott
May 27, 1919

Parliament Square riot
Court Circular

May 25 & 26, 2019
weather eye

A bad month for bank holidays?
Cool, breezy, heavy showers possibly thundery in places — it’s typical weather for bank holiday Monday in late May. When this holiday was introduced in 1967 to replace the old Whit Monday holiday it was a washout over the weekend. Since then it... Cool, breezy, heavy showers possibly thundery in places — it’s typical weather for bank holiday... Cool, breezy, heavy showers possibly thundery in places — it’s typical weather for bank holiday... 

Read the full story 
Puzzles
Crossword ClubPlay now 
Times Concise No 7975Play now 
Times Quick Cryptic No 1360Play now 
Times Cryptic No 27361Play now 
Concise Quintagram No 386Play now 
Cryptic Quintagram No 386Play now 
Sudoku No 10731 FiendishPlay now 
Sudoku No 10730 DifficultPlay now 
Sudoku No 10729 EasyPlay now 
Killer Sudoku No 6599 TrickyPlay now 
Killer Sudoku No 6598 GentlePlay now 
Times Concise Jumbo No 1384Play now 
Times Cryptic Jumbo No 1384Play now 
Brain Trainer No 2890Play now 
Cell Blocks No 3542Play now 
Codeword No 3659Play now 
Futoshiki No 3441Play now 
Kakuro No 2400Play now 
KenKen No 4651Play now 
Lexica No 4801Play now 
Lexica No 4802Play now 
PolygonPlay now 
Set Square No 2403Play now 
Suko No 2560Play now 
BridgePlay now 
ChessPlay now 
Special
Receive our Puzzles email bulletin every Saturday
Includes competitions, the best from the week’s crosswords and quizzes, latest news and more

SIGN UP
Times2
Nevena Bridgen — the MP’s wife who won’t play by the rules
The opera singer wife of Brexiteer MP Andrew Bridgen has launched a website that’s scandalised Westminster

HEALTH

Dr Mark Porter: If a drug has sideeffects, show it the yellow card

new 
Stephen Graham: ‘I’m not Mr Darcy. I’m the one who smashes windows’
The actor is earning five-star reviews and will soon appear in a film with Tom Hanks

arts

The new faces of punk (and Gucci)
Amy Taylor of Amyl and the Sniffers on how she went from unruly singer to catwalk model

ARTS

What to see at London Festival of Architecture
10 best things to see at London Festival of Architecture 2019

The American Vogue grifter who got found out
ASK THE PROFESSOR

Ask Tanya Byron: My six-year-old daughter’s tantrums have become violent
the monday column

Kevin Maher: Here’s one way to avoid a dog-walking injury — train your animal
TELEVISION

Gentleman Jack review — I’m falling for Miss Lister
LUXX Report: The Design Issue
From the latest interior trends to the world’s most impressive residences

READ MORE
FIRST NIGHT: THEATRE

Dead Dog in a Suitcase (And Other Love Songs) at the Lyric, W6new 
?????
On a good night there is no more exciting theatre company than Kneehigh. And this ravishingly murky reinvention of John Gay’s The Beggar’s Opera, from 1728, is the Cornish company on a very fine night indeed. First seen at the... ?????
On a good night there is no more exciting theatre company than Kneehigh. And... ?????
On a good night there is no more exciting theatre company than Kneehigh. And... 

Read the full story 
FIRST NIGHT: CONCERT

Igor Levit at Wigmore Hall, W1new 
FIRST NIGHT: CONCERT

Santa Cecilia Orchestra/ Pappano at the Barbicannew 
FIRST NIGHT: DANCE

TAO Dance Theater at Sadler’s Wellsnew 
FIRST NIGHT: POP

The Strokes at All Points East, E3new 
first night: pop

Mariah Carey at the Royal Albert Hall
?????
Someone should be shot for the steps. The delicious prospect of seeing Mariah Carey close up was dealt a blow before the diva had sung a single note. At the first of three nights at the Royal Albert Hall, a curtain was sucked up to... ?????
Someone should be shot for the steps. The delicious prospect of seeing Mariah Carey close... ?????
Someone should be shot for the steps. The delicious prospect of seeing Mariah Carey close... 

Read the full story 
first night: pop

Beverley Knight at the Royal Festival Hall
first night: concert

Lagrime di San Pietro at the Barbican
first night: concert

BBC Symphony Orchestra/Sakari Oramo at the Barbican
?????
Some composers need many notes to make their point, others very few. Think of Wagner and his operatic epics... ?????
Some composers need many notes to make their point, others very few. Think of Wagner and... ?????
Some composers need many notes to make their point, others very few. Think of Wagner and... 

Read the full story
First night: Theatre

True Copy at the Attenborough Centre, Brighton
?????
The celebrated-cum-notorious Dutch art forger Geert Jan Jansen sits on stage in front of a series of... ?????
The celebrated-cum-notorious Dutch art forger Geert Jan Jansen sits on stage in front of... ?????
The celebrated-cum-notorious Dutch art forger Geert Jan Jansen sits on stage in front of... 

Read the full story
first night: theatre

Review: King Hedley II, Royal Stratford East, E15
????? This powerful piece of theatre is the ninth in August Wilson’s American cycle, which tells the story, one play a decade, of black Americans over the 20th century. This one is set (as almost all are) in the Hill District of Pittsburgh where Wilson himself grew up. It is 1985, the Reagan era, but trickle-down economics doesn’t seem to have reached here. King Hedley... ????? This powerful piece of theatre is the ninth in August Wilson’s American cycle, which tells... ????? This powerful piece of theatre is the ninth in August Wilson’s American cycle, which tells... 

Read the full story
first night: film

The Specials at Cannes Film Festival
?????
Cannes doesn’t always end so gently. In recent years the festival has brought down the curtain with such... ?????
Cannes doesn’t always end so gently. In recent years the festival has brought down the curtain with such strong meat as The Neon Demon, a hallucinatory fashion-world horror, and Elle, a graphic rape drama. This year, having subjected audiences earlier in the festival to such forceful delights as Mektoub,... ?????
Cannes doesn’t always end so gently. In recent years the festival has brought down the curtain with such strong meat... 

Read the full story
arts

Palme D’Or winner could be director’s bonkers masterpiece
MindGames

The Times Daily Quiz
VIEWING GUIDE

What’s on TV tonight
video

THE TIMES FILM SHOW

Rocketman and Aladdin
What’s on TV
Click here for our interactive listings

TIMES2
Scotland
SNP win ‘supports case for second independence vote’
A record-breaking result for the SNP in the European elections has reinforced the mandate for a second independence referendum, according to senior nationalists. With almost all the results in from Scotland, the SNP seems likely to win three of the six Scottish MEP seats, with Scottish Labour... A record-breaking result for the SNP in the European elections has reinforced the mandate for a second independence referendum, according to senior nationalists. With almost all the results in from Scotland, the SNP seems likely to win three of the six Scottish MEP seats, with Scottish Labour... A record-breaking result for the SNP in the European elections has reinforced the mandate for a second independence referendum... 

Read the full story
Doctor sent to back of queue after delaying surgery to care for patients
A doctor who delayed her own hip operation so she could treat patients found she had been pushed to the bottom of the waiting list under Scotland’s punitive system. Ida Boron, an ophthalmologist with NHS Lothian, told staff that she would wait five months until May for her hip replacement to ensure people coming to her clinic were seen on... A doctor who delayed her own hip operation so she could treat patients found she had been pushed to the bottom of the waiting list under Scotland’s punitive system. Ida Boron, an ophthalmologist with NHS Lothian, told staff that she would wait five months until May for her hip replacement to ensure people coming to her clinic were seen on... A doctor who delayed her own hip operation so she could treat patients found she had been pushed to the bottom of the waiting... 

Read the full story
Tory lurch to right makes stopping no-deal difficult, warns Blackford
The SNP’s Westminster leader has warned that opposition MPs could struggle to stop a no-deal Brexit. Ian Blackford said any proposition to halt Brexit by revoking Article 50 would need teeth and it was not clear that it would be “particularly easy” to do at present. He said that a no-deal Brexit would “crash the... The SNP’s Westminster leader has warned that opposition MPs could struggle to stop a no-deal Brexit. The SNP’s Westminster leader has warned that opposition MPs could struggle to stop a no-deal Brexit. 

Read the full story
Art school bosses’ failings ‘contributed to both fires’
Failure to disclose evidence halts trial
House sales rise 2.3% as prices in largest cities fall
COMMENT

Mack’s managers must accept blame for fire — and quit
Last week Glasgow School of Art’s senior management claimed that they were not responsible for the two fires that... Last week Glasgow School of Art’s senior management claimed that they were not responsible for... Last week Glasgow School of Art’s senior management claimed that they were not responsible for... 

Read the full story
comment

Look to the past for the future Tory leader
There are two ways for Scottish voters to approach the race for the Tory leadership. The first was expressed to me by... There are two ways for Scottish voters to approach the race for the Tory leadership. The first... There are two ways for Scottish voters to approach the race for the Tory leadership. The first... 

Read the full story
Holyrood grand tour marks 20 years
Four teachers get rare cancer at school on waste tip
Tributes to Celtic legend Harry Hood
Pioneering female soccer stars will get caps at last
Controversial actress stars as bisexual killer in own film
An actress from Edinburgh who is married to the US Treasury secretary is to star as a bisexual psychopathic killer in a film that she wrote in two weeks. In 2016 Louise Linton, 38, self-published an account of the six months she spent in Zambia as... An actress from Edinburgh who is married to the US Treasury secretary is to star as a bisexual... An actress from Edinburgh who is married to the US Treasury secretary is to star as a bisexual... 

Read the full story 
One hump or two? Café offers camel cappuccinos
New plant’s tribute to botanist
Adults with learning disabilities ‘likely to have no teeth’
One in five people with learning disabilities in Scotland aged 35 to 44 years has no teeth, a study has revealed. One in five people with learning disabilities in Scotland aged 35 to 44 years has no teeth, a... One in five people with learning disabilities in Scotland aged 35 to 44 years has no teeth, a... 

Read the full story
Comment

Restaurant windbags no match for a Hebridean
The Outer Hebrides, you’d think, are too far away for anyone truly nasty to bother going to visit. If you’re a horrid... The Outer Hebrides, you’d think, are too far away for anyone truly nasty to bother going to visit. The Outer Hebrides, you’d think, are too far away for anyone truly nasty to bother going to visit. 

Read the full story
NEWS IN BRIEF

Rough sleepers evicted in Edinburgh
business

Chivas gets into spirit of sustainable production
business comment

Mistakes can be a good thing if we learn from them — within reason
OBITUARY

The Right Rev Joseph Devine
FOOTBALL | michael grant

Lennon divisive but Celtic’s class is not up for debate
The news that Neil Lennon will be their next manager had the unusual effect of dividing the Celtic support while appearing to unite everyone else. No sooner had it emerged via an official club tweet that Lennon had been offered the gig — that the Celtic board came into the Hampden dressing room showers to tell him creates quite an image — than social media was flooded... The news that Neil Lennon will be their next manager had the unusual effect of dividing the... The news that Neil Lennon will be their next manager had the unusual effect of dividing the... 

Read the full story
Football

Hladky’s penalty heroics secure St Mirren’s survival
St Mirren secured their survival in the Ladbrokes Premiership after their goalkeeper Vaclav Hladky yesterday saved... St Mirren secured their survival in the Ladbrokes Premiership after their goalkeeper Vaclav Hladky yesterday saved three Dundee United penalties in the shoot-out following 120 minutes – and 210 minutes in total over two legs – during which the teams could not be separated in the Premiership play-off final. Having... St Mirren secured their survival in the Ladbrokes Premiership after their goalkeeper Vaclav Hladky yesterday saved three Dundee... 

Read the full story
football

Lennon ‘right man to land ten in a row’
FOOTBALL

Berra: Brown needs to learn a bit of respect
FOOTBALL

Celtic mourning for Stein favourite Hood
RUGBY UNION | PRO14 FINAL

Glasgow have sour taste in mouth over Hogg injury
Ireland
Varadkar refuses to rule out snap general election
Taoiseach ditches plan to shuffle his cabinet

Leo Varadkar has refused to rule out a general election and is set to abandon plans to reshuffle his cabinet after the local and European election results. The taoiseach could not rule out the possibility that he would seek dissolution of the 32nd Dáil and could only say he was not planning a trip to Áras an Uachtaráin in the next couple of “days or weeks”. The remarks... Leo Varadkar has refused to rule out a general election and is set to abandon plans to reshuffle... Leo Varadkar has refused to rule out a general election and is set to abandon plans to reshuffle... 

Read the full story
Divorce wait cut to two years after landslide ‘yes’ vote
Married couples will need to live apart for only two years before getting a divorce after the public voted... Married couples will need to live apart for only two years before getting a divorce after the public voted overwhelmingly to change Irish law. A referendum to drop a rule from the constitution that requires couples to live apart for four years was backed by 82.1 per cent of those who voted. The constitution had said... Married couples will need to live apart for only two years before getting a divorce after the public voted overwhelmingly to... 

Read the full story
Every minute counts, Denis told Margaret after Brighton bombing
Courts are frightening places for the sick, says cancer campaigner
Defence chiefs were unaware of ‘toxic’ park report
Builders ‘don’t have skills’ to cut energy use in homes
politics

All eyes look to the Greens at the end of a humbling count

politics

It’s been a bad day, admits Sinn Féin

politics

Immigrants’ daughter breaks firsttimer election record

politics

Fianna Fáil set for victory in council polls

politics

Varadkar puts on brave face to claim popular vote win

TD who fell off swing hurt Fine Gael, Varadkar says
Schools get hundreds of extra special needs assistants
Business

Lobby group makes call to go green
Business

Slow news on Brexit proves good news until May’s resignation
nature notes

Sunny dandelion heads replaced by ghostly moons
The main flush of dandelions is over and their sunny heads have been replaced by ghostly, greyish moons. Each seed is attached to a tiny parachute, a pappus, that carries it away from the parent plant. Some of the seeds will never make the flight... The main flush of dandelions is over and their sunny heads have been replaced by ghostly, greyish... The main flush of dandelions is over and their sunny heads have been replaced by ghostly, greyish... 

Read the full story 
comment

Next British PM will not give a damn for us
comment

I’m pivoting to a new co-life with jargon
COMMENT

Why we fell out of love with Topshop
It was Dorothy Parker who said “Where’s the man that could ease a heart like a satin gown?” Ten years ago if Dorothy... It was Dorothy Parker who said “Where’s the man that could ease a heart like a satin gown?” Ten... It was Dorothy Parker who said “Where’s the man that could ease a heart like a satin gown?” Ten... 

Read the full story
leading article

Changing Climate
The political weather in Ireland is suddenly all about the politics of our climate. A surge in support for the Green... The political weather in Ireland is suddenly all about the politics of our climate. A surge in... The political weather in Ireland is suddenly all about the politics of our climate. A surge in... 

Read the full story
RUGBY UNION

Injury rules O’Brien out of World Cup
Stuart Lancaster, the Leinster coach, said that he would have loved to coach Seán O’Brien in his prime, with the Leinster back-row’s latest injury setback ruling him out of the World Cup. O’Brien has been dogged with injuries since his standout performances on the 2017 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand, and it was confirmed yesterday that he will miss the... Stuart Lancaster, the Leinster coach, said that he would have loved to coach Seán O’Brien in his... Stuart Lancaster, the Leinster coach, said that he would have loved to coach Seán O’Brien in his... 

Read the full story
football

Funding worry after minister slams Mooney
The FAI and the government are at loggerheads again after Shane Ross, the minister for sport, slammed a move to draft... The FAI and the government are at loggerheads again after Shane Ross, the minister for sport, slammed a move to draft in former employee Noel Mooney to run the embattled organisation. Ross said the secondment of Mooney from Uefa on a “temporary” basis was retrograde, claiming that it has left public confidence at... The FAI and the government are at loggerheads again after Shane Ross, the minister for sport, slammed a move to draft in former... 

Read the full story
RUGBY UNION

There’s plenty for province to ponder despite victory
RUGBY UNION

Larmour’s defensive game is now much improved after initial concerns
Rugby union | Eddie O'Sullivan

Leinster must be grateful for Scots’ mistakes
Sporting finals in May tend to evoke images of crowded stadiums, fluttering flags, a buzzing atmosphere and sunshine. Sporting finals in May tend to evoke images of crowded stadiums, fluttering flags, a buzzing... Sporting finals in May tend to evoke images of crowded stadiums, fluttering flags, a buzzing... 

Read the full story
RUGBY UNION | PRO14 FINAL

Lowe: we were in mourning process
James Lowe has become accustomed to tasting success. In only two seasons with Leinster he has collected three medals... James Lowe has become accustomed to tasting success. In only two seasons with Leinster he has... James Lowe has become accustomed to tasting success. In only two seasons with Leinster he has... 

Read the full story
GAA

Wexford draw the best out of Callanan
GAA

Donegal happy to go distance to reach semi-final
GAA | TALKING POINTS

McBrearty back with a bang to inspire Donegal progress
CRICKET

Delany injured as Ireland lose to West Indies
Back to top
[Image: times Masthead]  
Get in touch
* About us
* Contact us
* Help
* The Times Editorial Complaints
* The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
* Place an announcement
* Classified advertising
* Display advertising
* The Times corrections
* The Sunday Times corrections
More from The Times and The Sunday Times
* The Times e-paper
* The Sunday Times e-paper
* Times Currency Services
* The Sunday Times Wine Club
* The Times Academy
* Times Print Gallery
* The Times Archive
* Times Crossword Club
* Sunday Times Driving
* Times+
* The Sunday Times Rich List
* Times Expert Traveller
* Good University Guide
* Schools Guide
* Newsletters
* Best Places to Live
* Best Places to Stay
* Announcements
* Times Appointments
* Podcasts
* Encounters Dating
© Times Newspapers Limited 2019. 

Registered in England No. 894646. 

Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.

* Privacy & cookie policy
* Licensing
* Cookie settings
* Site map
* Topics
* Commissioning terms
* Terms and conditions


Textise: Back to top 

This text-only page was created by Textise (www.textise.net) © Textise - CPC LLC
To find out more about our product, visit Textise.org.Bottom of Form

Top of Form

Bottom of Form



